Check files for UNIX-style line breaks and 644 permission (#736)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: CONTRIBUTING.md

make format
```

> We also consistently use UNIX-style line endings (`\n`) and file permission
> 644 (`-rw-r--r--`) throughout the whole project.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For consistency, we also use UNIX-style line endings (`\n`) and file permission
644 (`-rw-r--r--`) throughout the whole project.
```
